{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19840\viewh11020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl760

\f0\fs56 \cf0 Platform Engineer Coding Challenge
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Please write a Java program that sorts all metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) in the United States by wettest population during May of 2015. \'a0The population wetness of an MSA is calculated as the number of people in the MSA times the amount of rain received. \'a0For the purposes of this exercise, assume that all people remain inside between the hours of 12 AM and 7 AM local time and so rainfall during these hours does not count.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f2\fs30 \cf0 We will review your solution during our in-office interview using a collaborative code review format.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Your work will be evaluated on a variety of factors including, but not limited to:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Program correctness\
{\listtext	\'95	}Code styles\
{\listtext	\'95	}Documentation quality\
{\listtext	\'95	}Packaging quality\
{\listtext	\'95	}Performance/efficiency\
{\listtext	\'95	}Bonus points will be given for visualizations of the data (charts, graphs, etc.).\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f2\b\fs30 \cf0 Perhaps the most important criterion is the quality of our interaction before and during your office visit.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f2\fs30 \cf0 We appreciate your participating in this exercise and hope that you will find it rewarding.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Please post your work on GitHub and share it with us prior to your interview so that we have a chance to review beforehand. \'a0This will also allow you to share your interesting work with others in the future.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Please send questions to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:percy.wegmann@evariant.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 percy.wegmann@evariant.com}} if you require clarification about the exercise.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580

\f0\fs42 \cf0 Resources
\f1\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/data-access/quick-links#loc-clim"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0\fs30 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/data-access/quick-links#loc-clim}}
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/orders/qclcd/QCLCD201505.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs30 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/orders/qclcd/QCLCD201505.zip}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/homr/file/wbanmasterlist.psv.zip;jsessionid=A76E5C1AC28E5985D6EFC66A156DF6BE"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs30 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/homr/file/wbanmasterlist.psv.zip;jsessionid=A76E5C1AC28E5985D6EFC66A156DF6BE}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.census.gov/population/www/cen2010/cph-t/cph-t-5.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs30 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.census.gov/population/www/cen2010/cph-t/cph-t-5.html}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
}